=======
Hi All,
 
I was never sure when it would be my turn to send one of these emails, but you have to keep changing for things to stay interesting.  After almost 11 years I will be leaving Avid. 
 
From Pro Tools 6.4 (Otis) to S6L, I have had the pleasure of working with so many amazing people on the Dev Services, Plug-ins, Live Sound, and EUCON teams.  It was an amazing opportunity to participate in many of the coolest products in the world like Eleven Rack, HDX, S3, PT|Control, and S6L.  I am humbled when looking back at the talent and dedication of the people at this company, from the Digidesign days to its more recent formulations.  You are so smart and have such a focused belief in making the audio and media world a more exciting place.  I look forward to seeing what will come next as you continue to bring these products into a more collaborative and networked form.
 
My last day will be Wednesday, January 20.  I hope to stay in touch via email or linkedin.
 
Absolute Best Wishes,
Bob


So this day has come, when I'm should say good bye to you guys. It was nice three years I spent here in GL, but a lot of discoveries and opportunities waiting for me and I hope for you everyone in future.
Assuming it is my last working day here I'm having a joy to invite you to taste some pizza and drinks at 3C kitchen today at 4:00 PM   

Ievgen.


Dear Folks!
It seems that it is my turn to step out and say "Thank you very much and Goodbye!"...
It was real pleasure to work with each of you and learn from you..not everything went well sometimes for us, but this is life as is;)
I'm wishing you all the best on your way, hoping all we will stay in contact

I'll continue my work in GL, but for other account, so we will remain close to each other;)

My transition period formally ends in a week, so please approach me with your action items till next Thursday. Due to possible re-org in Avid this transition may be prolonged informally, and I hope I'll share with you our new org structure as soon as we receive some clear picture from Avid folks.

With kind regards,
Eugene


Hello folks, today is my last day at Avid.   I'm glad I had the opportunity to work with so many great people, it's been a pleasure.
 
Feel free to drop me a line at  dpgumby2@gmail.com or to connect with me on linkedin.
 
Take care,
 
- DP


Hello to everyone,

I just wanted to say thank all of You, guys! 
These almost six years, I've spent with Avid, have been a great time and I'll miss for these nice moments and your big family on Pro Tools and Consoles projects.

Wish You all the best!
_
With Regards, Igor


Hi, everyone.
It’s been a pleasure working with you all.  

Thanks to all and I'll miss for all colleagues on Plug-ins ,Pro Tools and Consoles projects. )

Vlad


It’s been a great run (10 years!), but my time has come to leave Avid. After working in Avid engineering offices on both coasts, and visits to others around the world, I remain humbled to work with such talented and passionate people. Thank you all for the experience. 

My remaining time will be focused on transition. Please reach out privately if you want to pick my brain about anything. My last day at Avid will be Wednesday, February 10. 

Please keep in touch - I’m on LinkedIn, and my personal email is rommelmanuel@gmail.com.

Thank you!

Hi everyone,
 
As many of you already know I’ve decided to leave Avid and mine last working day will be this Friday, 2/26. 
 
We have done a lot of great things together since I’ve joined Avid more than 4 years ago. It was real pleasure for me working on strategic projects and seeing how they are changing direction of Avid business. Unified licensing, migration of ecommerce engine to SFDC based, implementation of subscriptions and support contracts, freemium software, platform initiative and in app purchases – all of this were small pieces of something big, of Avid’s strategy to be leading in industry.
 
I would like to thank you all for opportunity working and learning from you, for supporting me during mine trip with Avid.
Wish all the best for you and for Avid!
 
If you would like to keep in touch you are always welcome using email or skype – mir4ik@hotmail.com or LinkedIn. 


Hi Guys,

As many of you know, it was my last week at Avid.
It was a pleasure to work with all of you for almost five years starting from ProTools, S6 and finally S6L. I'll miss you all and thanks everyone for a good time and great experience.

-Maksym


Dear friends and colleagues, 

After 18+ years, I have decided to depart Avid’s family.

I’ve had the privilege of working with some of you for nearly 2 decades. There are just too many individuals I should be thankful for and countless projects I can’t even recall. But I’m happy to see my DNA in nearly every project we are working on. 

I started my employment as a contractor in 1998. It was last century and everything was pre-USB. And everything changed; life, wife, last name, citizenship, even the DAW I was using. The only thing that hasn’t changed is my passion for music and audio that surrounds this industry. I leave this place with a life experience that can’t be replaced. And I’m very thankful to all of you for making it happen. 

My last day will be this Friday, September 9th.

- k


I will miss you all... but hopefully we will meet somewhere one day. While I like what I do now, I'm just too curious what happens in an external world, and a little tired to dig one code for 7 years. So I've dared to go and find this out.


So long beloved colleagues...
Honestly never thought I would be writing this letter, but here I am. Not of my own doing, but sometimes things are just not in your control, and you have to adapt. My life’s work has been dedicated to this company, and most specifically Pro Tools. I am forever grateful for all the wonderful people I have worked with present and past, too many to name, and not enough time, but you know who you are. This product is something we should all be proud of. I wish the rest of you all the best. Today is my last day. If you wish to keep in touch, please feel free to send me an email at…

Three Great Years...

…Have gone by really quickly. I must have been having fun.
 
But after no small amount of soul searching, I’ve made the decision to move on. My time here has been extremely fulfilling - I’ll always be proud to have had the opportunity to contribute, however fleetingly, to a set of products that deserve their legendary status in the industry. Working on Pro Tools and AAX plug-ins has been an honor and a privilege – but also a blast, because this is, and continues to be, such a great team.
 
I will be out of town, but accessible, from tomorrow until July 7th. My last day will be July 10th. Drinks at the Lounge on Thursday the 9th.
 
It's a small world and I know our paths will cross again. Thanks for everything, and see you around!
-Ian
 
https://www.facebook.com/ian.ratzer
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ianratzer
Ian.ratzer@gmail.com

What a long strange trip it's been

Hi,
 
Today is my last day at Avid. It was 6½  years (I came at Nov 2008) and I know it’s a joke for many of you who work at Avid for 15 or 20 years, but it’s significant time for me.
 
I learned a lot during these years, made plenty of great friends, Avid is now a part of me and it’s a great pity for me to leave, but I have to go.
 
I thank all of you who I had a chance to work with for exciting experience. And who knows, maybe some time we’ll work together again.
 
I’ll be happy to stay in touch:
Skype: pavel.kirilenko
e-mail: pavel.kirilenko@gmail.com or pavlo.denysov@gmail.com
LinkedIn: https://ua.linkedin.com/in/pavelkirilenko
 
Best regards,
Pavlo Denysov

This is not a Goodbye

This is not a Goodbye.  Its a see ya later.   

Friday April 18th will be my last day with Digidesign/Avid.  Just about 2 weeks shy of my 15 year anniversary.    This was a difficult decision for me, But its time to try new things.   

Thank you to everyone I have worked with, and to my lifelong friends that I have made along the way.   I have learned something new every single day here and I feel honored and privileged to have worked with such a monumentally talented group of people.  I’m sure our paths will continue to cross.

I know everyone will continue to make great things here.   You better.  Cause I’m going to continue to use them.

If we’re not already connected or booked or linked or whatever, please do so.   You can find me on all those sites.  However, I’m probably not on Myspace anymore.

See ya later,

Mark


Farewell letter

Hi all,

Today is my last working day in Globallogic/AVID. I'd like to say thank to all of you for the opportunity to work in a great team, with talented and enthusiastic people. I'm proud to be a part of such outstanding team.

It was a great 3 years, but it's time to move forward, so I accepted the offer from other company.

I'd really like to keep in touch.
My e-mail: anna.bandrovska@gmail.com
Skype: levellao-o

Those, who are in Kiev office - you're invited to have some cakes on our kitchen (3c) at 4 pm.

Thank you,
Best wishes to all of you,
Anna